---
title: Google Summer of Code
themes:
 - Education
website: http://g.co/gsoc
logo: stands/google summer of code/logo.png
description: |
    GSoC is a mentorship program introducing students 18 years and older to open source software development. Students have the opportunity to work on a coding project under the guidance of mentors from the open source community, learning how to be better developers and community members along the way. This is often the first time many students have contributed to an open source project. With over 16,000 students participating in the program with 715 open source organizations and 13,000 mentors since 2005 this truly is a global program.

There are a couple of major changes for the 2021 GSoC program that we hope will allow even more folks to participate. We look forward to talking with folks about these changes at FOSDEM 2021.

showcase: |
    Google Summer of Code (GSoC) has brought over 16,000 excited, new student developers into 715 open source communities since 2005. The program has continued to remain interesting for students because of the spectacular, dedicated mentors from these open source communities that have devoted their time, energy and expertise to help the students become contributors in their communities. 

With Google Summer of Code, students have the opportunity to work on a real open source project under the guidance of mentors while still studying in a post-secondary academic program. Students earn a stipend for their contributions allowing them more flexibility to be able focus on their coding and community contributions.

Each year over 200 open source projects act as mentoring organizations for the 1200+ students. In 2021 we hope to welcome 30-40 new projects into the GSoC program so please come to our stand and ask us those burning questions!

new_this_year: |
    For GSoC 2021 we are making our two biggest changes in the 17 year history of the program and are adjusting the GSoC program to the evolving needs of our student developers across the globe in 2021.

1)  We are decreasing the time needed for students to participate in GSoC 2021. We look forward to seeing how lowering the time commitments to ~175 hours over 10 weeks will open the program up to many folks who were unable to spend 360+ hours over 3 months on the program previously. 

2) We are also broadening the eligibility requirements to include all students in post-secondary academic programs including those in coding schools and certificate programs. We also are allowing recent student graduates of post-secondary academic programs (those who graduated between December 1, 2020 and May 17, 2021) to apply. 

We look forward to talking with interested students and those open source projects interested in being mentoring organizations for Google Summer of Code about these changes and answering your questions.

layout: stand
---
Welcome to the Google Summer of Code stand!
