---
title: Nextcloud Hub: Self-hosted, fully open-source file sync, collaboration & communication platform
themes:
 - World wide web
website: https://nextcloud.com
logo: stands/nextcloud hub: self-hosted, fully open-source file sync, collaboration & communication platform/logo.png
description: |
    Where is your data? Where are the pictures from your last vacation on the beach, where is your contact list, where are the last chats you had with your loved ones? Who has access to that data, who can see it, who can download it, who can modify or delete it? Do you trust the services you use to take care of your data?

Your data represents who you are and can easily be abused. We want this to change.

We at Nextcloud believe that you have a right to decide what happens with your data. We believe that you should be able to have as much control as possible on what belongs to no one else but you.

How does that work? First, Nextcloud is an Open Source private cloud software, which means that anyone can read the code, and make sure it keeps your data safe. And second, at Nextcloud, we don't force you to pick our own infrastructure or servers like the big famous public clouds do. You can run Nextcloud yourself, at home or in a data center on rented space. You can buy ready-to-go devices with Nextcloud or pick a provider who rents out space to you!

We built a software that does everything you expect from a cloud - from syncing and sharing files to editing documents, storing passwords, calendars and bookmarks and reading mail. But YOU decide where the data is and who has access!

You're in control. https://nextcloud.com/yourdata/

showcase: |
    We're a real, cool, open source project. We care about the 'Free' part in FOSDEM as you know! So this shows:

We are a real community-based Free Software project. 100% open source, a Red Hat like model with support for companies and all code free for everyone.

Community means people-not-paid-by-us. While we have nearly 3 dozen paid engineers, more than half the code done in our project is from volunteers.

And our booth reflects this too. last year, we had 15 people - 5 employees (who want to come anyway, being long time FOSS people), the rest volunteers. Half of those we sponsored with travel costs, as we want as many people to attend FOSDEM as possible!

And we try to do that in a way that helps diversity in open source, mentoring through projects like Rails Girls Summer of Code and directly where we can. More than half the people we sponsored were women - and that's not because we gave them priority over men, but just because they made the best proposal and contributed most. Encouragement and mentoring works and we're very proud of that! Frank even donated the 20.000 euro he recently won in a prize to our Nextcloud Include diversity project - see nextcloud.com/include

We work with loads of other open source and privacy projects. For example, the FSFE are good friends of us (they carry Nextcloud stickers and recommend us as part of their lovely "there is no cloud, only other people's computers" campaign) and of course we support, promote and get promoted by a wide variety of privacy projects like Cryptoparty (https://www.cryptoparty.in/learn/tools), and https://securedrop.org (Loïc Dachary gave a nice talk at the Nextcloud conference: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kE3l7mD44Is)

As a company - we're picky about investors as we want the FOSS people to stay in control. We only took investment money from a co-founder of Red Hat, not from venture capital or real estate money etc.

new_this_year: |
    https://nextcloud.com/blog/nextcloud-hub-20-debuts-dashboard-unifies-search-and-notifications-integrates-with-other-technologies/

layout: stand
---
Welcome to the Nextcloud Hub: Self-hosted, fully open-source file sync, collaboration & communication platform stand!
