---
title: Pulp
themes:
 - System administration
website: https://pulpproject.org/
logo: stands/pulp/logo.png
description: |
    Pulp is a platform for managing repositories of software packages and making them available to a large number of consumers. Pulp can locally mirror all or part of a repository, host your own software packages in repositories, and manage many types of content from multiple sources in one place.

showcase: |
    Pulp talks can usually be seen in the Infra Management dev room at FOSDEM, but at our stand we'll be demoing the latest and greatest of Pulp. We will be showcasing the latest enhancements to Pulp 3, as well as developments across our many plugins. For anyone who might have known the earlier iteration of the Pulp project, Pulp 2, we would be very happy to discuss the benefits of migrating to Pulp 3, and any particular questions about how to do that.

If you'd like to talk to some of our devs, see the latest version demoed or understand our upcoming roadmap or even just hear an introduction to what we do, the stand is the place for you.

new_this_year: |
    Since last year, we have had 9 releases of Pulp 3, and probably more before the conference date! 
We announced that Pulp 2 is now in maintenance mode.
We have made huge strides with the development of a Pulp 2-to-3 migration plugin, so that Pulp 2 users can come and enjoy everything that Pulp 3 has to offer.  
The Pulp community worked together with Ansible to create Ansible Galaxy_NG https://github.com/ansible/galaxy_ng , which you can use to host your very own Ansible Galaxy server.
With the latest Pulp Python plugin, you can mirror the whole of PyPI in around one hour. 
There have been major enhancements to Pulp Squeezer - a collection of Ansible modules you can use to manage Pulp. 
There has been a release of a Pulp 3 CLI POC, for which we are actively looking for feedback and input from the wider community. 
With latest updates to the Pulp Container plugin, you can ship content regardless of how it is packaged (rpm, python, ansible) in a container image, and build the image with just one single tool - Pulp.

layout: stand
---
Welcome to the Pulp stand!
