---
title: The Eclipse Foundation
themes:
 - Developer environment
website: https://www.eclipse.org
logo: stands/the eclipse foundation/logo.png
description: |
    The Eclipse Foundation provides our global community of individuals and organizations with a mature, scalable, and business-friendly environment for open source software collaboration and innovation. We provide a proven governance framework and processes for entrepreneurial collaboration on sustainable, commercializable open source software that benefits developers, companies, and users alike. We do this by enabling members to contribute to projects organized in Working Groups and powered by our infrastructure and support in multiple areas like IP policy, marketing, and community building. Currently there are 380+ Eclipse projects.

showcase: |
    The Eclipse Foundation has over 20 years of experience facilitating open source projects. It started with the Eclipse IDE which still releases regularly and boasts heavy adoption. Since inception, our ecosystem has grown to over 380 projects with contribution opportunities for everyone. Recently, the Eclipse Foundation has transitioned to Europe, now based out of Brussels, Belgium, making us the largest European open source organization with over 170 member organizations and 900+ committers spread across the continent. There has never been a better time to get involved with the Eclipse Foundation. Benefit from our ever-growing community of innovative developers, increase awareness for your projects and get involved with new technologies. When you visit our stand, you will learn about our projects, our working groups, and how the Eclipse Foundation functions.

new_this_year: |
    The Eclipse Foundation has moved to Europe and is now based out of Brussels, Belgium. Find out more at https://www.eclipse.org/europe/. Featured projects & working groups at our stand include, but are not limited to: 

The Eclipse Cloud Development Tools Working Group, which continues to grow in size and popularity. Already boasting projects like Eclipse Che, Eclipse Theia, Eclipse CodeWind, Eclipse JKube and more, ECD Tools recently undertook governance of the Open VSX Registry, an open platform for publishing VS Code extensions. In 2021, ECD Tools plans to continue growing the scope of development tools for  world-class cloud-based development. 

Eclipse IoT Working Group: with 45+ projects, 8.2 million lines of code and counting, and 170+ committers, the Eclipse IoT Working Group is one of the most well-established and respected working groups at the Foundation. IoT is rapidly growing in adoption and deployment and Eclipse IoT is regarded as the leading community for IoT developers in the industry. Responsible for highly regarded market research including the annual IoT Developers Survey, there is truly no better place to collaborate and innovate on IoT platforms. 

Jakarta EE: Our Cloud Native Java working group, Jakarta EE, has recently released Jakarta EE 9, marking a new baseline for innovation in Enterprise Java, lowering the barriers to entry for new vendors and implementations and allowing for easy migration to the new namespace. Work has already begun on Jakarta EE 10.

layout: stand
---
Welcome to the The Eclipse Foundation stand!
